Compose secrets (#17321)
docker/docs: compose/use-secrets.md

Secrets are also useful for locally replicating a remote development setup with Kubernetes. Using secrets makes your application scalable. [TO_DO: EXPAND]

## Use secrets

Getting a secret into a container is a two-step process. First you need to define the secret, using the [top-level secrets attribute in your Compose file](compose-file/09-secrets.md). Then you update your service definitions to reference the secrets they require with the [secrets attribute](compose-file/05-services.md#secrets). Access to secrets is granted on a per-service basis.

Unlike the other methods, this guarantees that secrets are only available to the services that have been explicitly granted access, and secrets only exist in memory while that service is running.

## Examples

### Simple

```yaml
services:
  myapp:
    image: myapp:latest
    secrets:
      - my_secret
secrets:
  my_secret:
    file: ./my_secret.txt
```

> In the example above, the frontend service is given access to the `my_secret` secret. The value of `my_secret` is set to the contents of the file `./my_secret.txt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, the frontend service is given access to the `my_secret` secret. In the container, `/run/secrets/my_secret` is set to the contents of the file `./my_secret.txt`.
```
